hey guys welcome to my channel in this
video we're gonna tour a real American
country house and you're gonna see how
typical Americans live across this huge
country I drove three hours away from
San Francisco specifically to show you
this house let's see it
back to San Francisco
- mate
[Music]
when I sit on this Terrace I imagine
that I'm in one of this Hollywood movies
about America where you see people just
sitting on their terraces all day
talking to their neighbors and watching
people pass by this is so so typical
look at these wheels when I look at them
I think that I'm in cowboy times like
maybe 800 something the first thought
that came to my mind when I saw this
house was like oh my god West world have
you guys seen this TV show they staged
the time that is something similar to
the time where this house is wrong and
now let's go inside and check the house
itself the house starts with a living
room and the kitchen this is so so 60s
like the minute when it was here I'm
like oh my god med med I'm like thinking
TV shows all the time and when I look at
the place and like definitely better
look at that everything is from 50s 60s
and I love just feeling and this weekend
is our retreat after a crazy crazy week
and we're here together with Vlad just
graduated from poverty is and he's mv8
there and we've done a couple of videos
together let's see the backyard because
it's a little weird
are you gonna see in the backyard we
have Alexander who's also Russian no
guys he's one of the best camera people
in San Francisco he does a lot of videos
like for my videos for startups and big
companies that are located in Silicon
Valley yesterday we come to this place
I'm like oh so you're gonna relax we're
gonna be beautiful I look out of the
window of my bedroom and like what's
there in the backyard
and I couldn't figure it out because it
was too dark but then I noticed flowers
and I'm like Oh symmetry what do we can
I don't know what's your opinion of that
like write it down in comments below I'm
totally ok with that because it's better
than a neighbor who's screaming and
shouting all the time if you guys think
that this is an entrance to the room no
this is a wardrobe we're just thinking
of making something create a fun video I
think it's a kid's room but the thing
that you need to pay attention to if
you're not American especially like
Americans you would be surprised we
don't do that in Russian this is a
typical American thing to have at least
five pillows on the bed I personally
love it and I've done the same thing in
my room in st. Petersburg but basically
what you have this are for decoration
and you remove them before you go to bed
and you sleep on these too I love love
love how they made this room because
it's a small room but with all the
details like everything is really light
so it adds space and everything is so
very nice so you're like in a daughter
it gives this room I've really at home
feeling I personally love it let me know
guys if you have this pillow setup in
your country because I first saw it when
I came to the UK and I'm like oh my god
I want to do the same and basically the
purpose of this video is not only to
show you how Americans if it's also to
show you to give you some inspiration
how to decorate your own room because I
love mixing up different cultures and
you know because this is all me like
mixing different cultures and languages
but yeah it has a small window I like
the curtains it looks out at the
backyard and it's a really really nice
kid's room
lunchtime and we've got some good
chickens a good it's the best one in
Japan for that training United States
you know what because Russian guys
cooked it and because we got it in a
Russian shop if your guys from San
Francisco or anywhere in America try
Russia shops what I wanted to talk about
in this house like the moment I went in
here I'm like how do people live here
their whole lives because I was born in
a big city I live in San Francisco and
they
I was thinking like where do you go from
here you're in the middle of nowhere yes
you have a river yes you have a
cementery
and whenever you want to go you need to
drive let me you guys know down in
comments below whether you live in a
small village or in a big city but I'm
definitely 100% a city girl yes you have
to wait before I finish talking and yeah
I wouldn't imagine myself waiting
already because the one to eat I
wouldn't imagine myself living in a
small village like not right now because
I just want to be among people and I'm a
person who likes to sit at home and I
want my house to have everything if I
sit at home here all the time it's just
I was just miscommunication with the
outside world let me know what you think
and we're gonna have some lunch no in
San Francisco we have the gym we have
the boob we have all of the neighbors
like here you don't have the neighbors
you only have the cow in it right makes
sense okay so yeah let's see let's go
the purpose of the whole trip was to get
away from the city and enjoy the nature
we have a river two minute walk away
from my home and guess what what I love
about California people are trying to
use every single piece of land
everything that nature gives to rest and
enjoy like look at the rafting I've
never done that in my life
Russian style is just to just swim in
the river exactly what we've done and
then after this we're gonna see the
Tahoe Lake so stay tuned
[Music]
our house was really close to Lake Tahoe
and this is where we came this is a
beloved place to spend a weekend for all
the San Franciscans and just for you
guys I'm gonna dive in right now I hate
doing that it's really cold but just for
you
[Music]
guys your champion is back I swam I
drank some water it tastes really good
this was the best swimming experience so
far because it's so much better than the
seat because it's not salty and you can
actually drink water from it love love
and recommend let's continue our tour
guys and go to the one of the most
important rooms in any house master
bedroom where the Masters of the house
live this is the master bedroom master
bedroom is the one that normally has the
king-size bed I really really love the
king-size beds because it's really
really comfortable to lie on a big one
this is a pretty standard village style
bedroom what I love about American homes
is that a lot of rooms would have carpet
on the floor and this is really
comfortable to wake up and step you're
very heat on a comfortable this this
floor this carpet is a little old but
it's so so comfortable love love love
the feeling so if you're thinking of
what I put in your floor in your bedroom
with the carpet wardrobe it's like a
separate room I would say it's a guest
bedroom I guess when I first came to
Miami and I came with my cousin and we
stayed in a one-bedroom apartment and I
was sharing the bed with my aunt and he
was staying in a closet which was pumped
up the mattress for him and he enjoyed
it a lot he didn't even want to move he
was 12 years old like that so if you
have cousins why not by the way we're in
California so there are not a lot of
heaters here but there's the air
conditioning system which is a little
weird for me this is the first time I
see an air conditioning unit coming from
the floor but I think it's pretty clever
because the cold air lifts up and when I
was lying in the bed yesterday night I
really felt that it's cooling the space
and now we're gonna see the bathroom
which is unfortunately and this is super
weird for an American home it's the only
bathroom in the 3-bedroom home what is
really important and what I want you
guys to maybe have in your home because
it's super super comfortable this is
called vanity shelf this is a shelf
where you have your sink but you also
have a shelf where you put all of your
bed
like make up whatever you're using in
the bathroom another thing that I've
only seen in America and I think it's
super clever because back in Russia in
my bathroom I have a lot of mold well I
don't have it all the time but sometimes
when you don't clean your bathroom for
like two or three weeks you start
getting mold and it's dangerous you have
to get rid of it but what Americans came
up with is this plastic unit that has
the bath and it also has the walls and
because it's a solid unit you don't have
the space where you can get the mold so
I think it's super clever they don't do
that at in new homes I haven't seen it a
lot but in old houses they have a lot of
these guys supply stick unit with the
classroom this is actually a two-story
house but the second floor is downstairs
so we have floor one and floor - one
flora - one is a game area which is
pretty cool what I love of American
homes they're so big you have space for
a game room but I would do our YouTube
room here or something like that this
door there's nothing right there but
this morning I talked to the lady who's
renting out this place and she actually
bought it one year ago she bought the
whole territory so you have like a
master house here three guest houses and
the cementery the one that you've seen
she owns it and she actually has an
agreement with the state of this city
award village that she can let people in
every day during working hours so they
can visit the cementery
and she can also give permission to for
people to get buried there so it's
pretty interesting but what she also
told that she was surprised that this
house has only one bathroom so she's
gonna make another bathroom here and
there's also another bedroom
[Music]
guest bedroom queen bed really comfy and
it has an exit to the street I'm really
excited about what she's gonna make
about this house because I love the way
it is right now but she's also gonna
refurbish it I think yes it's such a
homely feeling I feel so comfortable
here so two nights even with the
cementery of you I feel so comfortable I
slept so well so definitely recommend it
if you're looking for a place to come
and you know spend the weekend let's go
I'll show you something else that is
super interesting about this place they
have a stone where Native Americans used
to crack nuts to make powder and to
create their food and this is right by
our house let's go and see it
welcome to the backyard of our house I
think it was a kitchen because what they
use the stone for is that they made
holes in it
they took stones they put all the nuts
in here and then they just started
making powder out of these stones and by
the number of the holes you can tell how
many people were there in a group that
lived here so these are Native Americans
that we're talking about but this is so
cool we're seeing the history of this is
where you know people created their food
I hope you guys enjoyed watching this
video please let me know what you think
please let me know where you're watching
from this is super important because I
look at the stats we see a lot of
Americans - the viewers but also let me
know where exactly you're watching from
and what house do you want to see next
if you're not yet subscribed to this
channel there is a subscribe button down
below
like if you've enjoyed watching this
blog and I'll see you
[Music]